Some fixes (#224)
johko/computer-vision-course: chapters/en/Unit 0 - Welcome/welcome.mdx

Dear learner,

> Welcome to the **community-driven course on computer vision**. Computer vision is revolutionizing our world in many ways, from unlocking phones with facial recognition to analyzing medical images for disease detection, enhancing public safety through surveillance systems, monitoring wildlife, and creating new images. Together, we'll dive into the fascinating world of computer vision!

Reviewer: I would suggest not mentioning "surveillance systems" as this application is in an ethical grey area.  
There are many other examples that we could use instead, e.g. autonomous vehicles, quality control (e.g. defects detection in manufacturing), agriculture applications (precise pest control, or plant health monitoring), disaster relief, image search, etc.

## Meet our team

> This is made by the Hugging Face Community with love 💜! You can also join us in [here](https://github.com/johko/computer-vision-course).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This course is made by the Hugging Face Community with love 💜! Join us by adding your contribution [on GitHub](https://github.com/johko/computer-vision-course).
```
